let all_events = {
onabort: false,
onafterprint: false,
onanimationend: false,
onanimationiteration: false,
onanimationstart: false,
onappinstalled: false,
onauxclick: false,
onbeforeinstallprompt: false,
onbeforeprint: false,
onbeforeunload: false,
onblur: false,
oncancel: false,
oncanplay: false,
oncanplaythrough: false,
onchange: false,
onclick: false,
onclose: false,
oncontextmenu: false,
oncuechange: false,
ondblclick: false,
ondevicemotion: false,
ondeviceorientation: false,
ondeviceorientationabsolute: false,
ondrag: false,
ondragend: false,
ondragenter: false,
ondragleave: false,
ondragover: false,
ondragstart: false,
ondrop: false,
ondurationchange: false,
onemptied: false,
onended: false,
onerror: false,
onfocus: false,
onformdata: false,
ongotpointercapture: false,
onhashchange: false,
oninput: false,
oninvalid: false,
onkeydown: false,
onkeypress: false,
onkeyup: false,
onlanguagechange: false,
onload: false,
onloadeddata: false,
onloadedmetadata: false,
onloadstart: false,
onlostpointercapture: false,
onmessage: false,
onmessageerror: false,
onmousedown: false,
onmouseenter: false,
onmouseleave: false,
onmousemove: false,
onmouseout: false,
onmouseover: false,
onmouseup: false,
onmousewheel: false,
onoffline: false,
ononline: false,
onpagehide: false,
onpageshow: false,
onpause: false,
onplay: false,
onplaying: false,
onpointercancel: false,
onpointerdown: false,
onpointerenter: false,
onpointerleave: false,
onpointermove: false,
onpointerout: false,
onpointerover: false,
onpointerrawupdate: false,
onpointerup: false,
onpopstate: false,
onprogress: false,
onratechange: false,
onrejectionhandled: false,
onreset: false,
onresize: false,
onscroll: false,
onsearch: false,
onseeked: false,
onseeking: false,
onselect: false,
onselectionchange: false,
onselectstart: false,
onstalled: false,
onstorage: false,
onsubmit: false,
onsuspend: false,
ontimeupdate: false,
ontoggle: false,
ontransitionend: false,
onunhandledrejection: false,
onunload: false,
onvolumechange: false,
onwaiting: false,
onwebkitanimationend: false,
onwebkitanimationiteration: false,
onwebkitanimationstart: false,
onwebkittransitionend: false,
onwheel: false,
};
